Expanding the data format structure of region to allow specifying three regions (#318)
openENTRANCE/openentrance: definitions/region/README.md

> Norway>Germany

> To represent data that refers to a flow or cost contribution of a generator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To represent data that refers to a flow or cost allocated to a generator
```

Reviewer: If I understood well, there is an allocation of responsibilities in the flow of a particular transmission line here. Then, the word cost allocated is more precise.

> Norway>Germany

> To represent data that refers to a flow or cost contribution of a region

Reviewer 2: the readme should be updated with the explanations in the comments.

to a connection between two regions, the contributing region name 
can be combined with the bi-directional data using a `:` character before
the bi-directional data (without spaces before/after that character).

Example:

> Germany:France>Spain

The contributing region can be of **a different level of spatial detail**
from the two regions specified in the bi-directional data.

Example:

> > Berlin:France>Spain

Reviewer 3: Note that "Berlin" is not a region-name defined in this project, I'd rather use the ISO3-code "DE300", right?
```suggestion
> Berlin:France>Spain
```
